# Week of 11/24/2024 - 12/01/2024
## Meeting Start Time

2024/11/19/11:30 am
## Meeting End Time

2024/11/19/12:30 pm
## Location/Medium
Online, Discord (turned into a Zoom meeting when the team spontaneously met with Professor Ergin)
## Present

Jadi, Payton, Pierson, Jake, Ergin (last fifteen minutes)
## Minute Recorder

Jadi
## Topics Discussed
The team checked in with each other on where they all are and what work items are remaining. Pierson has implemented a working textbox drag-and-drop
feature. Jake has figured out how to deploy the project to a web page. Jadi has implemented our testing framework (Vitest) and written tests surrounded the
Supabase client creator and clientServer creator. She has figured out how to mock Supabase inputs using Vitest.

The things left to do are: A lot of remaining tests to write, update documentation, clean up webpage to be more visually appealing to the user,
turn on a few more drag-and-drop features, and the final steps needed to turn in software (versioning, etc). Jake caught us up on his conversations
with Evan that had to do with spreading out the team's workload and what is needed as a deliverable for iteration 2.

After the team caught up with each other, Jake messaged Ergin and they spontaneously started a call. Jake, Pierson, and Jadi joined this call and showed
Professor Ergin what they had accomplished thus far. He said that it looks good, and that he would be happier if we could turn on more drag-and-drop elements and clean
up the webpage format.

## Things Clarified
What is needed to get a good grade on Iteration 2. Who will work on what over the next 3 days.


## Tasks Distributed
Jadi:
- Implement more tests
- Work with Jake to turn on a drag-and-drop feature
- Update documentation
- Write up meeting minutes
Jake:
- Turn on drag-and-drop features
- Clean up webpage formatting
Pierson:
- Turn on drag-and-drop features
- Clean up webpage formatting
Payton:
- ???
- Did not take on any tasks. Whatever needs to get done.
