# Week of 9/23/2019 - 9/29/2019

## Meeting Start Time

2024/09/26/12:10 pm

## Meeting End Time

2024/09/26/12:50 pm

## Location/Medium

In-Person, Robert Bell Classroom (RB113)

## Present

Jadi, Jake, Pierson, Payton

## Minute Recorder

Pierson

## Things Clarified
Who will be working on what assingment for the 30th, as well as questions we have for the professor, and concerns about how the group will move forward through the beginning of October without Jake 

## Topics Discussed
- Distribution of tasks for the assignments that are due on the 30th
- Discussed questions that we had for the professor, which Jake will be asking (404 Slack link, question about lack of non-functional requirements)
- Dicussed aspects of the 9/30 assignments that brought confusion for the person they were assigned to.
- Began planning ahead for the time that jake will be in Japan and how thing might go during that time

## Tasks Distributed
### 9/30 Assignment Distribution
- Business Requirements - Jake
- First Iteration features - Jake
- Architecture - Pierson
- Requirements - Pierson
- Prototype - Jadi
- TechStack - Jadi
- Use Cases - Payton
- Domain Model - Payton
