## Meeting Start Time

2025/04/06/04:30 pm
## Meeting End Time

2025/04/06/05:15 pm

## Location/Medium
Online, Discord
## Present

Jadi, Pierson, Jake, Payton
## Minute Recorder

Jadi
## Topics Discussed
Today we worked on a bug involving the titles on the tabs of the website. This is following Evan's advice, because he said it makes the websites look unprofessional. We didn't fully finish it, but Jadi has an idea of how she can finish it up on her own.
Afterwards, we discussed who will be doing what over the next two weeks. Jadi will be continue working on textboxes and button customization for the different sections so that the website is far more customizable. Jake will continue his work on deployment. 
Pierson will continue his work turning on the remaining sections. Payton will continue his work on tests.

## Things Clarified
- Who will be doing what over the next two weeks

## Tasks Distributed
Jadi:
- Finish tabs title correction
- Work on website customization (text boxes and buttons)
Jake:
  - Continue implementing new deployment features
Pierson:
- Turn on remaining sections
Payton:
- Add tests for website titling once complete
- Add tests for anything else that need it
