# Week of 03/23/2025 - 03/30/2025
## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/30/04:00 pm
## Meeting End Time

2025/03/30/05:00 pm
## Location/Medium
Online, Discord
## Present

Jadi, Payton, Pierson, Jake
## Minute Recorder

Pierson
## Topics Discussed
- We need to get into contact with Jerrod to get the main UI Builder deployed to Vercel, but he hasn't been responding, so we will keep reaching out.
- With the Symposium a couple weeks away, we need to try to get some things cleaned up to try to put on a good showing.

## Things Clarified
What we're going to be trying to finish up and get right for the showcase at the symposium


## Tasks Distributed
Jadi:
- Work on extra styling of textboxes, buttons, and other components
  
Jake:
- Work on Deployment Project that uses injected JSON data.
- Work on Poster Design for Symposium
  
Pierson:
- Make different type of the working sections work as intended
- Fix a bug with buttons
- Work on other sections

Payton:
- Work on tests
