# Week of 03/09/2025 - 03/16/2025
## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/09/04:45 pm
## Meeting End Time

2025/03/09/06:30 pm
## Location/Medium
Online, Discord
## Present

Jadi, Payton, Pierson, Jake
## Minute Recorder

Jadi
## Topics Discussed
Jake got us caught up on the progress he has made. He has done a LOT of testing work.
The main topic of discussion was what everyone needs to do to finish the iteration strong for Monday. We split up tasks. Jake reminded us that he would be largely unavailable this weekend since he will be at a convention selling stuff. 
Instead, he will be getting his workload done by tonight.

## Things Clarified
Who will be doing what as the iteration closes


## Tasks Distributed
Jadi:
- Making the textbox component robust, including changing font size and boldness
  
Jake:
- Figure out deployment
  
Pierson:
- Make NavBar work so that websites can have multiple pages
- Make buttons work so that components are actually functional

Payton:
- Wrap up testing. Jake did most of it, so Payton will be filling in where Jake couldn't finish
