## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/20/04:30 pm
## Meeting End Time

2025/02/20/05:30 pm

## Location/Medium
Online, Discord
## Present

Jadi, Pierson, Jake
## Minute Recorder

Jadi
## Topics Discussed
- We want to have a mid-iteration meeting with Jerrod as he made some changes to WebInfoViewer. We want to get caught up on that. He had some tips for fixing the CSS issue, so that will be very helpful.
- Jadi and Jake are going to work together on turning on another section.
- Jake wants to show Jadi an old Spotify project he worked on where he tested an internal database
- We split up tasks, Pierson to NavBar, Jadi to testing, Jake took on a bunch of random to-dos since he will be working a conference during most of the last week of the iteration:
  - ProjectID
  - Fix the API call (bug report)
  - Vercel, attach new version of everything to app so that it updates live (deployment)
  - Add vercel link to .env

## Things Clarified
Who will be completing which tasks leading up to Spring Break.

## Tasks Distributed
Jadi:
- Get as close as possible to 70% test coverage in WebInfoViewer (for the third time... since WebInfoViewer is different once again)
Jake:
  - ProjectID
  - Fix the API call (bug report)
  - Vercel, attach new version of everything to app so that it updates live (deployment)
  - Add vercel link to .env
Pierson:
- Fix NavBar and get it working so that websites can have multiple pages
