# During Class Time 02/13/2025
## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/13/11:00 am
## Meeting End Time

2025/02/13/12:25 pm
## Location/Medium
Online, Discord
## Present

Jadi, Pierson, Jake
## Minute Recorder

Pierson
## Things Clarified
- Pieces from the Iteration 3 feedback
- Order of importance of the pieces from iteration 3 feedback and iteration 4 features
- Where we can and should ask for help (from Ergin and/or Client)

## Progress Made
- Began working on transitioning the textbox from a global component to an in-page section, which will be the basis of allowing us to make a basic 'business card' website (iteration 3 feedback)
  - ***The Database is currently paused, so we must wait for our client to turn it back on***
  - ***The importance of local data to work with is something we understand and want to add, but we need the database to be able to get the JSON data to be able to use locally***
