## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/27/05:00 pm

## Meeting End Time

2025/02/27/05:43 pm

## Location/Medium

Online, Discord

## Present

- Jadi
- Pierson
- Jake
- Payton

## Minute Recorder

- Jake

## Topics Discussed

- We want to have a mid-iteration meeting with Jerrod to discuss possible deployment scenarios.
- Jadi and Jake will work more on testing database calls and current written code.
- We discussed the following To-Do's:
  - Submit button functionality
  - Completing the rest of the sections
  - Pulling Supabase saves when using Edit Project
  - Hopefully fixing the NavBar, but at the very least ensuring functionality in the footer to navigate between pages.

## Things Clarified

- Who will be completing which tasks during Spring Break.

## Tasks Distributed

### Jadi:
- Get as close as possible to 70% test coverage in WebInfoViewer (for the third time... since WebInfoViewer is different once again)
- Add a heading section for h1/h2/h3 style

### Jake:
- Vercel, attach new version of everything to app so that it updates live (deployment)
- Add Vercel link to .env
- Work on NavBar
- Implement the Call to Action section
- Ensure the Contact section is functional
- Make sure the footer has full functionality

### Pierson:
- Fix NavBar and get it working so that websites can have multiple pages
- Implement the Call to Action section
- Ensure the Contact section is functional
- Make sure the footer has full functionality

### Payton:
- Assist with testing and reviewing functionality across sections
