## Meeting Start Time

2025/04/20/1:00 pm
## Meeting End Time

2025/04/20/1:40 pm

## Location/Medium
Online, Discord

## Present

Jadi, Pierson, Jake, Payton
## Minute Recorder

Jadi
## Topics Discussed
Jake has continued working on Vercel deployment. His update is: "The more I am researching this, automatic doesn't seem possible. I will let you all know what I find though. Currently we could just download, open and run local if we chose to to show that it works."
Pierson has continued to work on NavBar and sections. His update is: "Update on my side, Navbar might make me lose it. I finally got the Navbar types to not cause errors, but now I’ve found that all of the context stuff and settings menus for the links in the navbar stuff is completely broken. I basically have to rebuild how those are created and edited…"
Jadi has continued to create the button and picture sections for the builder. They will be finished by submission. She will also complete the iteration 5 presentation along with add to the documentation.
Payton will continue working on testing. Jake will also add tests to his added parts tomorrow before submitting.

## Things Clarified
Who will be completing which tasks leading up to the final submission.

## Tasks Distributed
Jadi:
- Finish and merge button and picture sections
- Create iteration 5 presentation
Jake:
  - Continue work on deployment and tests
Pierson:
- fix the navigation bar
Payton
- add more tests
