# Client Meeting on 11/6/2019

## Meeting Start Time

2024/11/06/04:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2024/11/06/05:00pm

## Location/Medium

Remote, Discord

## Present

Jerrod, Evan (mentor), Jadi, Jake

## Minute Recorder

Jadi

## Topics Discussed

We demonstrated the iteration features with Jerrod. He had already seen the create a project features because we had run into environment errors that he helped solve. He had the database open in a separate tab and was able to observe the database updating in real time with created and deleted projects. Evan joined us for this meeting since he had been gone for the last several weeks in Italy. He proposed to his girlfriend while there! Evan was able to catch up with us and the project. 

## Things Clarified

Jerrod is ALWAYS available and open to helping us when the code is confusing. He is especially accomodating since the project has so many files that were created before we joined the team.

# Feedback

Evan feels we are off to a good start and will continue to provide good work as long as we continue asking for help. Jerrod gave similar sentiments, and emphasized that we can always ask him for help if the backlog of code ever confuses us. Asking for help as soon as necessary was their biggest feedback. Even though we did ask with enough time before the due date, we could have been more successful if we had asked sooner. Jerrod also emphasized that he really liked our documentation and wants to include that in his source code starting iteration 2.

