# Client Meeting on 9/30/2024
## Meeting Start Time
2024/09/30/06:00 pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/09/30/07:00 pm

## Location/Medium
Remote, Discord

## Present
Jadi, Jake, Payton, Pierson, Jerrod

## Minute Recorder
Jadi

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed design documents and recieved feedback on them
- Discussed progress that is expected to be made during iteration 1
- Discussed project as a whole in relation to the class
- Discussed future schedule of potential meetings and temporary changes in team availability

## Things Clarified
- Changes that should be made to certain design documents (Architecture, Business Requirement, Domain Model and Tech Stack needed some small changes)
- Clarified a pretty final concept for how the team will go about iteration 1 and what the client expects to be done during that time frame
- Clarified ways that code could be tested to meet iteration requirements
- Specifics of what exactly will be done in iteration 1 were discussed and clarified
