# Client Meeting on 02/02/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/02/10:00am

## Meeting End Time

2025/02/02/11:40am

## Location/Medium

Remote, Discord

## Present

Jerrod, Pierson, Payton, Jadi, Jake

## Minute Recorder

Pierson

## Topics Discussed

We went over the new features that have been added so far for iteration 3, with Jerrod running the projects and working through the creation of a project and using the builder to test some of the elements within it.
We then went over the WebInfoViewer and how that displays the data for the things that you create in the builder. 
Went over some issues within the projects.


## Things Clarified

Clarified some of how integration of vercel and how WebInfoViewer will tie into the main Enjerneering project in iteration 4 and beyond. 
Worked with the client to solve some issues we were having with tailwind in the WebInfoViewer

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?: Client ran the WebInfoViewer and the Enjerneering project that tested the features within both and how they work together.
- What features did they test?: They tested new project debug in WebInfoViewer and the Call To Action section of the builder in Enjerneering
- How long did they use the software?: 20-30 minutes
- How was their reaciton?: impressed with amount on web info viewer and integration between the two projects. Being able to integrate them together with supabase is very standard way of doing things and you pulled it off well. Good Job
- Unusual/Good/Bad Things Recognized: Node modules in WebInfoViewer need to be gitignored (new ones are, but prior ones are being updated instead of ignored), Call To Action Functionality was thorough 
- Issues: some package.json startup dependency issues with ts.node and tailwind had some issues that didn't allow Jerrod to start initially, but it was fixed within 5-10 minutes and everything ran smooth after.

# Feedback
Overall, quite pleased. Looked very good in terms of progress, and good start to big things in the future.
