
# Client Meeting on 03/17/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/04/21/5:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2025/04/21/6:00pm

## Location/Medium

Remote, Discord

## Present

Jerrod, Pierson, Payton, Jadi, Jake

## Minute Recorder

Jadi

## Topics Discussed

Jerrod used the software with the new features. Deployment was a little rocky because we ran into the following bugs:
- GitHub Actions path made the repository private which caused issues
- JSON was not being updatewd specifically for the NavBar, but was for other things.
Otherwise, the new features worked well! We were able to figure out why these issues were happening and fixed them on the spot. We made plans to meet and hand over the repositories we've made.
Jerrod told us that we've made a good project and that we should be proud of ourselves.

## Things Clarified
What is left to be done for iteration 5. Here is who will be doing what tonight:
Pierson:
- User.md update
- Make interesting thing for presentation
Jadi:
- Client and mentor meeting minutes
- Complete 
Payton:
- Testing in viewer
Jake:
- Work with Payton for testing and publishing tests

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?: He used it on his computer and screen-shared with us. We guided him through the new features.
- What features did they test?: Jerrod made a website with different sections (including the new NavBar!), and was able to capture that website into a GitHub repository, and use that repository to launch his app on Vercel. Hypothetically, he could have launched using any app he wanted (like Netlify or GitHub pages).
- How long did they use the software?: 45 minutes
- How was their reaciton?: "The fact that you can make the website and then own the code and plug it into another deployment system is amazing."
- Unusual/Good/Bad Things Recognized: He was very happy and excited that we were able to get deployment working. The ability to own the code is what makes EnJerneering special, so it was very important to him that we got that working.
- Issues: GitHub Actions path made the repository private which caused issues, and outputted JSON was not being updated specifically for the NavBar.

# Feedback
 "This is exactly what I was hoping to see by the end of the project. This is awesome."
 "The fact that you can make the website and then own the code and plug it into another deployment system is amazing."
 "Impressive work from everyone."
