
# Client Meeting on 03/17/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/17/6:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2025/03/17/7:30pm

## Location/Medium

Remote, Discord

## Present

Jerrod, Pierson, Payton, Jadi, Jake

## Minute Recorder

Jadi

## Topics Discussed

Jerrod used the software and explored the new features. He asked us about the state of NavBar (not in scope of this iteraton). At the end, Pierson asked Jerrod about NavBar, and it turned out that the version we had of that component was outdated, which is why it was so confusing. He then gave us the most up-to-date component from his other developer.

## Things Clarified

What will be done in iteration 5. Jerrod wants to prioritize the user being able to download their website in a file and deploy it themselves using Vercal. It is yet to be decided whether this will go to a GitHub repo or a JSON file.

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?: Client made a build of the software and used it in browser.
- What features did they test?: Jerrod tested the new features added to the builder. He created a website with multiple pages, added a footer which dynamically adds links to each page, used the new textbox with font size and boldness customizability, and looked over our tests and ran the coverage report. 
- How long did they use the software?: 20-30 minutes
- How was their reaciton?: "Compared to last showcase, this is LEAPS and BOUNDS better. It's actually a website builder now."
- Unusual/Good/Bad Things Recognized: Was surprised by the web pages being navigatable. Largely, there were no bugs in the software. [While looking at Supabase] Instead of the index column, he told us to save that data as a json string to the configuration. He was happy to see the sections actually being functional and not just for show.
- Issues: The only bug is that the first time the web page loaded on viewer, some of the sections didn't load, but we weren't able to replicate the problem again.

# Feedback
 "Compared to last showcase, this is LEAPS and BOUNDS better. It's actually a website builder now. This is impressive. Good work."
