# Mentor Meeting on 11/21/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/11/21/5:00PM

## Meeting End Time

2024/11/21/6:30PM

## Location/Medium

Online, Discord Group Call

## Present

Jake, Jadi, Pierson, Payton, Evan (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Jadi

## Topics Discussed

- We went through the feedback and recommended pathways suggested by both Professor Ergin and Jerrod. Evan recommended for this iteration to continue creating our fastest route possible using Express.
- Jake expressed that he feels like there is a disconnect between what is needed for the class and what Jerrod wants. Evan suggested that if this tension continues, that we should set up a meeting between the two.
- Evan stated that the progress we've made with our express repository is good, but he would like to see the principles of that interwoven with the rest of the project better (a.k.a., the UI builder should have a more profound effect on the final product).


## Things Clarified

- Evan's availablity in the upcoming weeks
- How to best move forward balancing our Express pathway with the actual path Jerrod wants, which is a Github actions workflow that produces a Node.js project in a repository. That the two CAN be balanced, and it is not all or nothing.
