# Mentor Meeting on 9/24/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2025/01/16/4:00PM

## Meeting End Time

2025/01/16/4:45PM

## Location/Medium

Online, Discord

## Present

Jake, Jadi, Pierson, Payton, Evan (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Jadi

## Topics Discussed

- Iteration 3 planned/in-progress features (more drag-and-drop elements, making the publish button display what it is supposed to)
- Advice on researching other drag-and-drop softwares to see how they store their elements. His advice for this storage was to create a database table with columns for each page, a table with nodes
  and each node is each drag and drop item that can be placed onto a page. Node rows can be linked to a page and contain the json data. The json data says, "This is a textbox, it contains this value."
- We also asked him for advice on testing our database, since database calls make up a lot of our code. He said that he doesn't love the idea of testing database calls because they can change so frequently, but gave
  the following advice if we were still going to pursue it: "Since supabase is just using postgres SQL, create validation scripts in SQL that you then run. See if those count as SQL tests.
For example, create a validation script that goes through and makes sure that we dont have null columns or that this column is correctly connected to this column."
- Jake also scheduled a mock interview with Evan so that he can get some advice on his interviewing skills. Cute! :)


## Things Clarified

- How to possibly move forward with our database testing
- That our iteration 3 features sound reasonable, but to check-in with Jerrod to make sure they allign with what he wants
- That we can come to him for mock interviews! Cool!
