# Mentor Meeting on 9/24/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/03/4:00PM

## Meeting End Time

2025/02/03/4:45PM

## Location/Medium

Online, Discord

## Present

Jake, Jadi, Pierson, Payton, Evan (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Jadi

## Topics Discussed

- Problem we've been having with multiple design IDs for the same project.
- Live code demonstration
    - Showcasing the new and improved error messages.
    - Showcasing the new drag-and-drop elements (headers, main content, contact).
    - The color picker inside of drag-and-drop elements works, so you can change the color of backgrounds or text.
    - The Tailwind components making the displayed website looking decent.
- Drawing a roadmap for next iteration and how we will package this project up nicely.
- Evan's concern is that there are html/css bits inside of the rest of the Typescript logic. No one seems to be able to explain why this is the way it is. It seems that the design was implemented by Jerrod, we've rolled with it ever since, and we never took the time to extract those elements even though in the long-run it would probably save us time.


## Things Clarified

- What the services section is supposed to actually be
    - You can populate it manually, but for iteration 4 or 5 we should come up with some pre-build "services" to add to a website
- (For Evan) How the Tailwind components are saved and displayed
    - (Transcribed from Jake) The components are like a madlib. We just grab the data but what components are stored in the data changes based on the component.
